Update README.md (#783)
Helium314/SCEE: README.md

__F-Droid anti-feature__ _non-free network_: SCEE uses map tiles provided by [jawg](https://www.jawg.io), and optionally [aerial / satellite imagery](https://server.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/World_Imagery/MapServer) by [Esri](https://www.esri.com) .

## Translations

> Translations for strings added in SCEE can be done [at Codeberg](https://translate.codeberg.org/projects/scee/) wich uses Weblate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translations for strings added in SCEE can be done [using Weblate at Codeberg](https://translate.codeberg.org/projects/scee/).
```

Reviewer: if we want to mention both the tech and the provider, this would be more readable IMHO (and not have a typo)
